1436790/1438462: Part 33: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10488)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/samples/basic-ajax-service.md

# Basic AJAX Service
This sample demonstrates how to use Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) to create a basic ASP.NET Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (AJAX) service (a service that you can access using JavaScript code from a Web browser client). The service uses the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Web.WebGetAttribute> attribute to ensure that the service responds to HTTP GET requests and is configured to use the JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) data format for responses.  
  

>  AJAX support in WCF is optimized for use with ASP.NET AJAX through the `ScriptManager` control. For an example of using WCF with ASP.NET AJAX, see the [AJAX Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-3.5/bb410780(v=vs.90)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 AJAX support in WCF is optimized for use with ASP.NET AJAX through the `ScriptManager` control. For an example of using WCF with ASP.NET AJAX, see the [AJAX Samples](ajax.md).  
```
